Add community-contributed-connectors (#22)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloud-dataplex: managed-connectivity/community-contributed-connectors/snowflake-connector/sample/README.md

# Sample Metadata Import File

This directory contains:
 * A sample metadata file generated by the connector: [snowflake-output.jsonl](snowflake-output.jsonl)
 * A request to use with the Metadata Import REST API: [metadata_import_request.json](metadata_import_request.json)
### Import metadata into universal catalog:

* In snowflake-output.jsonl: 
    1. Search and replace all instances of "gcp-project-id" with your project ID
    2. [OPTIONAL] Search and replace all instances of "us-central1" with your region or with "global" 
    3. Upload the .jsonl metadata import file to a Google Cloud Storage bucket

* In metadata_import_request.json:

>     1. Replace the value in source_storage_uri with the path to your GCS bucket from above (Note: without the file and ending with /)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Replace the value in source_storage_uri with the path to your Cloud Storage bucket (Note: without the file and ending with /)
```

    2. Replace "gcp-project-id" with your project ID
    3. Go to the Dataplex UI. Ensure the Entry Group, Entry Types and Aspect Types seen in metadata_import_request.json exist in your project
        
        Note: projects/dataplex-types/locations/global/aspectTypes/schema is a built-in Aspect Type and does not need to be created.

> Run import via the REST Metadata Impport API, replacing gcp-project-id below for your project, and the us-central1 region with another if appropriate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run import via the Metadata Import REST API, replacing gcp-project-id with your project, and the us-central1 region with another region if appropriate:
```
